Thank you, Rinpoche. I was wondering about today, in your teaching, where you're going through the
importance of completing nandro, keeping it up, doing korte rushen, doing trek choy practice, all
these foundational elements to make Togol what it is.
So I was wondering, would you talk a little bit about, I guess, first, how that same sequence would
be done traditionally, in terms of the elements of having to study also, and then they're also
always talking about serving the mandala and teacher things, and then three-root practice.
So, the first part is how that fits into how it has been done for centuries, and then the second
part is, is anything being modified, or what's changing to do that now?
So, I think maybe this is through the kindness and the wisdom of the morning scientifics, and it is
covered, covered, distractions between organic and not organic.
And before the science, I don't know if anybody will know too much the difference there is, but
your food is food.
But now, they're really seeing the organic food, saturated in the propagated food, has big
difference.
So same way, what we are going through here now, and through centuries from that, is organic.
Organic of true wisdom and compassion, free from any negative, any more arrogance, arrogance and
superiors, or easy way to do this and that.
Those are all consultants, those are all ego tricks.
That really worked. In the past, historians, especially when Buddhism came, there's many like that
started.
And then, it is really refined by one another, and those who follow with that, they didn't got good
results.
They become like following, following on the clips, that.
But we want to follow the lineage teaching, it is win-win situation, win-win situation.
Each time, they got big courage and commitment, and joy, not just surface levels.
With their hard time, difficult time, desperate time, their courage and commitment, and joy and
vision is ever stronger than that.
They care it. Not just in the sunshine, good practitioners, in the thunderstorm, they're not
practitioners.
They're true in all the time, they have been followed.
So, this organic dharma teaching, I really see this modern scientific, I've discovered that this
kind of organic things enough to perceive the saturated food, the chemical food, and in fact, the
side food, and organically growing food, these things.
This dharma is inner food, inner nourishment.
It's not just for a short time, for people who can't relate to trick the brains and to create easy
touch.
Every day is an easy way to move that. All of us are so kind, so compassionate, so considerate to
all of the beings.
I'm sure they say, "Oh, you do what you like to do." It's okay.
But it won't. The emotions are stronger, negatives are stronger, and the ego clings are stronger.
The ego gets stronger, the ego gets stronger, stronger, stronger, and then begins to see everything
, not to cooperate with this decision either.
They just say, kind of almost like taking drops of the spiritual push-out time to make easy that.
So, that is really my interpretation.
Following the organic way and with devotion and all that, I think that's what really all these
great realisation beings, one after another, boom, one after another,
all that, boom. So, that's really the traditional way and following that.
Those are, I mean, this is just organic. Even though it is difficult, I'm sure the farmers have the
difficulty to produce organic as well as this,
but it is being rewarded. So, that's my interpretation.
Okay, let me start.